README.md, before:

# Chen_Alvey_Garner_CSCI2270_FinalProject
final project
team members: Jinhong Chen, Justin Eric Alvey , Patrick Micheal Garner
in our project, we have different ideas, thus, we are going to write our own 
code and then combine our ideas by using different txt files to run different programs.
 First, for me , Jinhong, i'm going to write a c++ programming which can store 
data into graph structure, so , i will also create a cites graph and label the 
distance between them, then, you can select the starting place and the destination
, by using the cities graph, it can assign districts for the connected cities, 
select the distance bewteen two cites, display the paths, add the vertex.edg, find 
the shortest distance,the most intereting part is the signal part, i will assgin 
someone has a mobile or some other devices with the signls, these signls's range can 
be selected, and then, from the starting place, i will draw a circle to list the 
cities in that range, from these cities, they will be regarded as starting place 
for next step, thus, in order to reach the destination, it will select the lanes 
for that guy who has that signals ,(these signals cannot reach the signl outside that 
range circle, so only the cities in that circles can be listed) and list all of these 
paths.

Commit message:

Updated Readme to fit project write up format - PG
4/27/2016 - Here is what the update was made from:

final project
team members: Jinhong Chen, Justin Eric Alvey , Patrick Micheal Garner
in our project, we have different ideas, thus, we are going to write our own 
code and then combine our ideas by using different txt files to run different programs.
 First, for me , Jinhong, i'm going to write a c++ programming which can store 
data into graph structure, so , i will also create a cites graph and label the 
distance between them, then, you can select the starting place and the destination
, by using the cities graph, it can assign districts for the connected cities, 
select the distance bewteen two cites, display the paths, add the vertex.edg, find 
the shortest distance,the most intereting part is the signal part, i will assgin 
someone has a mobile or some other devices with the signls, these signls's range can 
be selected, and then, from the starting place, i will draw a circle to list the 
cities in that range, from these cities, they will be regarded as starting place 
for next step, thus, in order to reach the destination, it will select the lanes 
for that guy who has that signals ,(these signals cannot reach the signl outside that 
range circle, so only the cities in that circles can be listed) and list all of these 
paths.

README.md, after:

# Chen_Alvey_Garner_CSCI2270_FinalProject
CSCI 2270 Final Project

Members:

 Jinhong Chen
 Justin Alvey
 Patrick Garner
 
Summary:
 
 This program is an extension of assigment 10.  The program will read in a graph from a .txt file(data2.txt) which is
 provided in the project folder.  From here, the program includes functionality where the user can determine the shortest
 distance between 2 designated cities, add cities and edges, as well as display all information as a whole or for each
 vertex(city).  The program also has the ability to split up the cities into districts, if the user adds in cities that do
 not connect to the cities provided in the text file.  One unique function included in this program is the ability to set a
 distance limit.  The user gets to submit a starting city, a target city, and a distance limit, and the program will
 determine whether or not there is a path that exists and does not exceed the given distance limit.  If there is a path
 that doesn't exceed the limit path, then the program will provide the user with the distance of the path between the two
 chosen cities.  Another set of unique functions provided in this program are the implementation of services.  Services are
 things such as gas, movies, national parks, lodging, etc., that are provided at a city(vertex).  These services can be 
 added only by the user through the 'Plan a trip' option in the main menu.  It will then pull up a new menu for service 
 functionality.  From here the user can define services to help them plan a road trip.  This is useful as a tool to help the user organize their ideas as they do external research on each city.  
 
Further Instruction:
 
 The arguments for the program are as follows:
 
  data2.txt
  
 This is needed to run the program properly, as this initiates the graph.  The main menu contains all options to add and determine information of vertices as a whole.  To take advantage of the services functionality, the user must activate the second menu by choosing option 10, titled 'Plan a trip'.
